docs: v5 (#553)
readmeio/api: docs/upgrading-from-v4.md

If you'd like to continue using the [dynamic syntax](https://api.readme.dev/docs/usage#dynamically) you will need to update how you're handling promises that are returned from API requests, but it shouldn't be too bad.

Here's what your `api` implementation may have looked like before under v4:

```js
const petstore = require('api')('https://raw.githubusercontent.com/readmeio/oas-examples/main/3.0/json/petstore.json');

petstore.listPets().then(res => {
  console.log(`My pets name is ${res[0].name}!`);
});
```

And here's what it should look like now:

```js
const petstore = require('api')('https://raw.githubusercontent.com/readmeio/oas-examples/main/3.0/json/petstore.json');

petstore.listPets().then(({ data }) => {
  console.log(`My pets name is ${data[0].name}!`);
});
```

> If you were using the `.config({ parseResponse: false })` option, that option has been removed in favor of this new resovled datashape where we return `data`, `status`, `headers`, and `res` to you. You can see documentation on those [here](https://api.readme.dev/docs/making-requests).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you were using the `.config({ parseResponse: false })` option, that option has been removed in favor of this new resolved data shape where we return `data`, `status`, `headers`, and `res` to you. You can see documentation on those [here](https://api.readme.dev/docs/making-requests).
```

Author: wow what happened here
